[doc] fix the necessary privileges of central pipeline management (#16902)
elastic/logstash: docs/static/settings/configuration-management-settings.asciidoc

If your {es} cluster is protected with basic authentication, these settings
provide the username and password that the Logstash instance uses to
authenticate for accessing the configuration data. The username you specify here

> should have the built-in `logstash_admin` role and `logstash_system` role.

Author: ```suggestion
should have the built-in `logstash_admin` and `logstash_system` roles.
```

> should have the built-in `logstash_admin` role and `logstash_system` role, which provides access to system

Author: The original doc recommend to create a new role `logstash_writer` for writing indices and for central pipeline management. 

logstash_writer
```
{
  "cluster": ["manage_index_templates", "monitor", "manage_ilm"], 
  "indices": [
    {
      "names": [ "logstash-*" ], 
      "privileges": ["write","create","create_index","manage","manage_ilm"]  
    }
  ]
}
```

I think using `logstash_system` is more align to other examples and user has less step to follow.

> should have the built-in `logstash_admin` role and `logstash_system` role, which provides access to system
> indices for managing configurations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
should have the built-in `logstash_admin` role and `logstash_system` role.
These roles provide access to system indices for managing configurations.
```

Reviewer: You don't have to break this into two sentences if you're not feeling it. 
However, `provides` should be `provide`.

> NOTE: Starting with Elasticsearch version 7.10.0, the `logstash_admin` role inherits the `manage_logstash_pipelines` cluster privilege for centralized pipeline management.

Author: In Logstash 9, we can consider to remove this note about upgrading from 7.x

This setting is an alternative to both `xpack.management.elasticsearch.username`
and `xpack.management.elasticsearch.password`. If `cloud_auth` is configured,
those settings should not be used.

> The credentials you specify here should be for a user with the `logstash_admin` and `logstash_system` roles, which

Author: xpack feature need to call `/_xpack`, so `logstash_system` is a must
